docs: Clarify how to provide technical details/metadata (#259880)
NixOS/nixpkgs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

## Technical details

> Please replace this paragraph with the output of running `nix-shell -p nix-info --run "nix-info -m"`.

Reviewer: How about

```suggestion
<!-- Please insert the output of running `nix-shell -p nix-info --run "nix-info -m"` below this line -->
```

as a happy medium?
